chore(docs): document casting from string to UUID and Symbols (#1609)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/api/ilp/columnset-types.md

These value correspond to QuestDB type `symbol`. String values can be cast to
the `symbol` type when the destination column exists and its type is `symbol`.
This gives clients an option to populate `symbol` columns without knowing the
type of the columns.

```questdb-sql
CREATE TABLE trade (
    ticker SYMBOL,
    timestamp TIMESTAMP
) TIMESTAMP(ts) PARTITION BY HOUR;
```

Send message including `BTCUSD` as `string`:

```shell
trade ticker="BTCUSD" 1638202821000000000\n
trade ticker="BTCUSD" 1638402821000000000\n
```

The `ticker` column is populated with `symbol` values:

| timestamp                   | ticker |
| :-------------------------- | :----- |
| 2021-11-29T16:20:21.000000Z | BTCUSD |
| 2021-12-01T23:53:41.000000Z | BTCUSD |

We recommend to send `symbol` values directly as the `symbol` type because it
will automatically create a `symbol` column if it doesn't exist.

When sending `symbol` values as the `string` type and the column does not exist,
then it will be created as the `string` type.

### Cast to UUID

String values can be cast to the `uuid` type when all the following are true:

- the destination column exists
- the destination column type is `uuid`

> - the `string` values are valid UUID.

Reviewer: We have three conditions but in L267 we only mention the result if the third condition is not met.

Author: That's a very good question! 

The lines 240-242 talk about conditions which must be fulfilled to store a string as a UUID. A string from ILP will be stored as a UUID if and only if all three conditions are met. 

The line 267 talks about explicit rejections. What happens if you have a UUID column and an ILP client sends a string which is not a valid UUID? It's rejected.  

So the conditions differ because they describe different situations.

Reviewer: I had this question because I read:

> We recommend sending symbol values directly as the symbol type because it will automatically create a symbol column if it doesn't exist.

I wonder what would happen if:
- the destination column does not exist --> a column will be created as `string`? Should we document this?

- If the destination column type is not `uuid`, I think the conversion depends on the column type so this can be deducted.

Author: * If a target column does not exist and an ILP client sends a string then QuestDB will create a string column. This is true for any type. If a target column does not exist and a client sends it as `long` then QuestDB will create a `long` column, etc.  Do you think we should explicitly document it here? I am not sure. _(I'm honestly _not sure_, it's not meant to be just a polite form of disagreement from my side :))_

* if a destination column does exist and it is not UUID and an ILP client sends a valid UUID string then the processing fails unless the destination column is `String` or `Symbol`. Why? ILP receiver can cast String into 4 other types:
<img width="725" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/158619/234522519-9e852259-1cf5-454c-9066-ca7c8f8d44d6.png">

but:
- casting UUID string to char fails because UUID length is >1
- casting to geohash fails - as a UUID is not a valid geohash
- we know the target column is not UUID

So we are left with casting just to `symbol` + storing into a `string` column natively.

Reviewer: Thanks! So I think the notes about sending symbol values as symbol type are just a reminder. I have added some general info at the start of the page. I guess there is no harm in mentioning it. I also move one info block to the start of the page as it applies to all.

Author: right, there is one important difference between casting from String to UUID vs Symbol: ILP supports symbols natively. So while you can send symbols as strings you can also send them as native symbols. it has the advantage of being correctly created as `symbol` when a target column does not exist. that's why the note is there. 

On the other hand: ILP does not support UUID natively (yet). So you have no other option but to send UUID as strings.

| :-------------------------- | :----- |
| 1970-01-01T00:00:01.000000Z | `null` |

:::note

Downcast of `geohash` value, which is inserting of lower resolution values into
higher resolution column, will cause the entire line to be rejected.

:::

### Cast to SYMBOL

> These value correspond to the QuestDB type [`symbol`](/docs/concept/symbol/).

Author: I don't understand what is this sentence meant to say:
> These value correspond to the QuestDB type [`symbol`](/docs/concept/symbol/).

Reviewer: Ah, yes:

```suggestion
The symbol values correspond to the QuestDB type [`symbol`](/docs/concept/symbol/).
```

values into higher resolution column, will cause the entire line to be rejected.
:::

### Cast to SYMBOL

> String value can be cast to `symbol` type when the destination column exists and is
> of a `symbol` type already. This gives clients an option to populate `symbol` columns
> without knowing the columns are of the `symbol` type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String values can be cast to the `symbol` type when the destination column already exists and is
of a `symbol` type. This allows clients to populate `symbol` columns
without knowing the columns are of the `symbol` type. 
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```questdb-sql
```

CREATE TABLE trade (
    ticker SYMBOL,
    timestamp TIMESTAMP
) TIMESTAMP(ts) PARTITION BY HOUR;
```

> Send message including `BTCUSD` as `string` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send messages including `BTCUSD` as `string`:
```

```shell
trade ticker="BTCUSD" 1638202821000000000\n
trade ticker="BTCUSD" 1638402821000000000\n
```

The result will have `ticker` column populated with `symbol` values:

| timestamp                   | ticker |
|:----------------------------|:-------|
| 2021-11-29T16:20:21.000000Z | BTCUSD |
| 2021-12-01T23:53:41.000000Z | BTCUSD |

> It's preferred to send `symbol` values directly as `symbol` type as it will
> automatically create `symbol` column if it doesn't exist. When sending `symbol`
> values as `string` type and the column does not exist then it will be created
> as `string` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's preferred to send `symbol` values directly as `symbol` type because a `symbol` column will be created if it doesn't exist. When sending `symbol`
values as the `string` type and the column does not exist, then it will be created
as the `string` type.
```

### Cast to UUID

> String value can be cast to `uuid` type when the destination column exists and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String values can be cast to the `uuid` type when the destination column exists and is
```

of a `uuid` type already and the string value is a valid UUID.

> ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```questdb-sql
```
